Simplify draft llm (#6281)
All-Hands-AI/OpenHands: docs/modules/usage/llms/custom-llm-configs.md

- Code generation uses GPT-4 with a higher token limit for generating larger code blocks
- The default configuration remains available for other tasks

> # Predefined Custom Configurations

Author: ```suggestion
# Custom Configurations with Reserved Names
```

> OpenHands comes with several predefined custom LLM configurations that are optimized for specific use cases. These configurations can be used directly or serve as templates for your own custom configurations.

Author: ```suggestion
OpenHands can use predefined custom named LLM configurations for specific use cases. If you specify the model and other settings under the predefined names, then OpenHands will load and them for a specific purpose. As of now, one such configuration is implemented: draft editor.
```

> OpenHands can use predefined custom named LLM configurations for specific use cases. If you specify the model and other settings under the predefined names, then OpenHands will load and them for a specific purpose. As of now, one such configuration is implemented: draft editor.

Author: ```suggestion
OpenHands can use custom LLM configurations named with reserved names, for specific use cases. If you specify the model and other settings under the reserved names, then OpenHands will load and them for a specific purpose. As of now, one such configuration is implemented: draft editor.
```

## Draft Editor Configuration

The `draft_editor` configuration is optimized for tasks that involve editing and refining code or text. It uses parameters that balance between creativity and precision, making it ideal for tasks like code review suggestions, documentation improvements, and text refinement.

```toml

> [llm.draft_editor]

Reviewer: Is this "predefined" in the sense that the user need not specify anything to use this config? I read this as just an example draft editor configuration.

Author: No, it's actually just "predefined name". That is, `openhands` knows what to do with a configuration with this name, if the user fills it in.
Maybe it's not the best word.

Reviewer: "Reserved names" makes sense, I think that fits the concept. Implies there's some hard-coded logic around the name.

> The `draft_editor` configuration is optimized for tasks that involve editing and refining code or text. It uses parameters that balance between creativity and precision, making it ideal for tasks like code review suggestions, documentation improvements, and text refinement.

Author: ```suggestion
The `draft_editor` configuration is a group of settings you can provide, to specify the model to use for preliminary drafting of code edits, for any tasks that involve editing and refining code. You need to provide it under the section `[llm.draft_editor]`.
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion

For example, you can define in `config.toml` a draft editor like this:

```

model = "gpt-4"
temperature = 0.2
top_p = 0.95
presence_penalty = 0.0
frequency_penalty = 0.0
```

This configuration:
- Uses GPT-4 for high-quality edits and suggestions
- Sets a low temperature (0.2) to maintain consistency while allowing some flexibility
- Uses a high top_p value (0.95) to consider a wide range of token options
- Disables presence and frequency penalties to maintain focus on the specific edits needed

> Use this configuration when you need an agent to:

Author: ```suggestion
Use this configuration when you want to let an LLM draft edits before making them. In general, it may be useful to:
```

## Draft Editor Configuration

The `draft_editor` configuration is a group of settings you can provide, to specify the model to use for preliminary drafting of code edits, for any tasks that involve editing and refining code. You need to provide it under the section `[llm.draft_editor]`.

For example, you can define in `config.toml` a draft editor like this:

```toml
[llm.draft_editor]
model = "gpt-4"
temperature = 0.2
top_p = 0.95
presence_penalty = 0.0
frequency_penalty = 0.0
```

This configuration:
- Uses GPT-4 for high-quality edits and suggestions
- Sets a low temperature (0.2) to maintain consistency while allowing some flexibility
- Uses a high top_p value (0.95) to consider a wide range of token options
- Disables presence and frequency penalties to maintain focus on the specific edits needed

Use this configuration when you want to let an LLM draft edits before making them. In general, it may be useful to:
- Review and suggest code improvements

> - Edit documentation or text content

Author: ```suggestion
```
